---
title: Day 10th of Summer Training
date: 2025-07-03
author: Satjeet Singh
tags: [HTML, CSS, Web Development, JavaScript]
---

# 🗓️ Day 10 of Summer Training
Today was the 10th day of my summer training.....

## 💡 What I Learned Today:
- Today I learned about how to work with an SVG and circle. I learned about their properties like r (radius), cx (position of center), cy (position of center), stroke, stroke-dasharray, and many other properties.
- Today I learned about more about positining, translated, and translateY properties.
- Learned about radial gradient in SVG.

## 📝 What Project I Worked On:
I am working on the project, which I started yesterday. Today I worked on the crucial element of Pomodoro is Pomodoro timer. I figured out how to make a layout of a Pomodoro timer using SVGs. I also made the circular 
timeline, which shows the passage of time. I also completed the settings panel, which was left, and made a backdrop to create an effect of making the background darker when the settings panel is open, and the backdrop 
will be removed when the settings panel is closed. I also made custom radio buttons, which were used in the settings panel to select the different fonts. I used **::before** property with radio button to create an illusion of
radio buttons having font inside the buttons, and used the same technique to make checkboxes to select different colors. Used animations to pop up the settings panel, and also when the settings panel is closed.

## 🎯 What Challenges I Faced:
Today I faced the challenge of making the layout of the pomodoro timer because it used SVG and box shadow, border, and many more stuff. The main thing I have never worked with SVG, but after bumping my head
into the computer screen, I was able to figure out how things are working, although it was not that tuff, just using simple circle properties like radius, center, and its positioning. The logic part of it is left.
I will try my best to complete the project tomorrow.

## 💭 Reflection and My Feelings:
I am making this project in a hurry to complete this project as soon as possible. I will try my best to complete this project tomorrow. I will try to give extra time if something will be left. This journey is also like 
A roller coaster, some days feel like super easy, and some are like breaking the rock with your head. But that's what life is all about: facing the troubles and being consistent.

