---
title: Day 1 of Summer Training
date: 2025-06-23
author: Satjeet Singh
tags: [HTML, CSS, Web Development]
---

# 🗓️ Day 1 Of Summer Training
Today was the first day of my summer training. There were mixed feelings, some excitement, and some nervousness about how I would manage eight hours of training with those feelings. I started my day, and guess what, my day started with a down wifi connection, which no one wants. Somehow, I messaged my mentor and told him about the problem. He was kind enough to understand my problem, and the wifi connection was up again at 1 p.m. Then I actually started my training and got the task from the mentor to get completed. The task includes a small project in which the user will write some text, and the system will analyze the text, written as the number of words, sentences, and the number of each character, and some other info. I started with the project, spent a couple of hours completing the project, and still, the project is in progress, and I will probably complete it tomorrow. The project includes skills in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.Took a break in between as well to relax my body and mind. The target was to complete eight hours, but I completed approximately six and a half hours. Something I will try to complete eight hours tomorrow, if my wifi connection remains up Also, it was the first time I wrote a blog. Tomorrow, I will also find outa more impressive way to write it. It seems to be very small, although it is what it is, this is what I have gone through all the situations. I am very thankful to my mentor for guiding me today, and I am also thankful to almighty god who allowed me to be part of this training program. So, bye, take care, also one more thing, it is fun to write a blog.
