---
title: Day 17 of Summer Training
date: 2025-07-10
author: Satjeet Singh
tags: [HTML, CSS, Web Development]
---

# 🗓️ Day 17 of Summer Training:

Today was the 17th day of my summer training.........

## 💡 What I Learned Today:
- I learned how to create components including a card, card skeleton, aside bar, aside bar skeleton.
- I understood the relation between various components how they interact.
- I learned about using Chakra UI, how grid layout works, how menu works.
- I learned about how props work, where to use props and how props can be reused by exporting them.
- I learned about how axios work, how to make multiple API request by making a generic custom hooks.


## 🗂️ What Project I Worked On:
- I worked on the grid layout, card component and also made skeleton for card component.
- A typical game card include the image of the game, a critic score and some platform icons to signify for which platform this game is available.
- I also made the side bar which have various genres by clicling on a genre the games are update in the grid.
- Also worked on the spinner for the side bar.
- When I made the card component and skeleton for it there were some properties which we have to repeat in both of them to make them look roughly same. So I made a different component basically a container to which I gave the properties and wrapped them in them by doing this we removed duplication of code.



## 💪 What Challenges I Faced:
- As it is my first react typescript project I have to make a lot of effort jumping between various files data is flowing from child to parent and then going to some other child somehere else.
- Where to use props how to modify them according to your need.
- Which thing to make as function and which to as a component .
- What to return from which function.
- Typescript make head wobbling throws error of god knows what, it is difficult to understand what it wants to convey after seeing the error I do not know what I am supposed to do.


## ✉️  Reflection and My Feelings:
- After completing this project I will start with a simple easier project to make understanding stronger.
- Although doing this project clears things in the mind and I get a sense of how to make components, custom hooks, how to fetch data and display.
  
