---
title: Day 8 of Summer Training
date: 2025-07-01
author: Satjeet Singh
tags: [HTML, CSS, Web Development]
---

# 🗓️ Day 8 of Summer Training

Today was the 8th day of my summer training.........

## 💡 What I Learned Today
- Today I learned about modularity and clean code practices in JavaScript. I made a function and called it multiply times to get data and generate the elements.
- I learned about semantic HTML and tried to use semantic tags as much as possible.

## 🗂️ What Project I Worked On:
I finally completed my second practice project. In this project, I worked with semantic HTML, DOM, API, and other various things. I tried to make the function as modular as possible because 
It helps to understand the code more, also a large chunk of work can be done easily. I worked on various features like to show the phonetic representation of the word, its pronunciation, 
its meaning when used as a noun, a verb, an adjective, an interjection, or a pronoun, with examples and synonyms. I also added a theme change feature to the project. I feature that I really enjoyed working
on was the audio feature. I really enjoyed this project as well, but after a time, things became repetitive.

## 💪 What Challenges I Faced:
The challenge that I faced was doing the same repetitive task like to create a noun, a verb section, etc. I coded for all the sections without using a single function. After coding for some time, I realized that 
I am doing repetative things that when I analyzed things and made a single function to do all the stuff that made things easier to code and understand as well. I wasted some time coding for each section, but 
that's what learning is all about: you make mistakes, you learn. That's why it took some time to complete the project.

## ✉️  Reflection and My Feelings:
I will try to learn how to code in an optimized way, I will try to use fewer techniques to code less and do more work. I also learned about optional chaining, which I haven't mentioned above. It helped me
to handle cases like null or undefined. Even a simple project can take enough time to make it robust to write robust code, so according to the time I have to manage things, the code should work and even maintain
the deadline. 
