---
title: Day 15th of Summer Training
date: 2025-07-08
author: Satjeet Singh
tags: [HTML, CSS, Web Development, JavaScript]
---

# 🗓️ Day 15 of Summer Training
Today was the 15th day of my summer training.....

## 💡 What I Learned Today:
- I learned about the useEffect hook, effect dependencies, and effect cleanup.
- Learned about fetch in React, how to fetch data using axios, using the fetch function, and also with async await.
- Learned about how to break the  connection with the server using AbortController.
- How to handle errors during the fetch phase with try and catch, and also with then and catch chaining.
- Also learned a little about how to show a spinner while data is being fetched.
- How to delete a user, how to add a user to the database.

## 📝 What Project I Worked On:
- I worked on a mini project today, which is an expense tracker.
- It was highly focused on the logic building in React.
- The task was to add the expenses through a form in the table.
- The form consists of fields like description, amount, and category of the expenses.
- We can delete the expenses from the table using a delete button.
- We can sort the table according to the categories.
- The user can also see the total of all the expenses.

## 🎯 What Challenges I Faced:
- The project that I worked on was quite difficult as a beginner.
- It took me some help to complete the project.
- I was confused about how to handle deleting the expenses.
- Also, sorting the table with categories was quite a task.
- How the interface should look for the form and the table as well.
- How to share data between components through useState.
- How to pass an array of objects in useState.
- How to do form validation using Zod.
