---
title: Day 3 of Summer Training
date: 2025-06-25
author: Satjeet Singh
tags: [HTML, CSS, Web Development, JavaScript]
---

# 🗓️ Day 3 Of Summer Training
Today was the 3th day of my summer training.....

## 💡 What I Learned Today:
Today I learned to create a progress element dynamically using JavaScript DOM manipulation, also to give animations to them, and sort them according to the percentage. Got to play with maps in JavaScript how to set elements in a map, how to find elements in a map.
Also worked with sets in JavaScript and learned how they can be crucial in solving the problems that seem to require a large code but get solved using a set.
Got to actually work with data structures in solving some small or big problems.

## 📝 What Project I Worked On:
Today I completed my practice project. I worked on the letter density feature of my project, which shows the occurrence of each character, number or even a special character. The task was to show the occurrence of characters using progress bars.
Also worked on showing more features, in which if the number of progress bars goes beyond six, we will show a show more button to see the rest of the progress bars and a show less button to less fewer progress bars.
I also worked on a feature in which we had to count the number of characters, including spaces and excluding spaces. We can also set the character limit, and when it exceeds the character limit, it shows an error that the character limit is exceeded.

## 🎯 What Challenges I Faced:
I thought that it would not be that difficult to work with progress bars, but it caused me a headache to dynamically generate them, giving them transitions, sorting them on the basis of their percentage, and also integrating them with show more and show less buttons.

## 💭 Reflection and My feelings:
Today felt easier than yesterday. It felt easier to spend eight hours working today. I completed the project today and sent the deployed link to my mentor. Let's see what he says. Now learning git and GitHub from Hitesh Choudhary excited about it. I think I will complete the tutorial by tomorrow, and then I think we will start with React. I think my mentor has not read my yesterday's blog, he hasn't said anything about it today. Let's see what tomorrow morning brings us to the table.

So, bye. Everyone will meet tomorrow.
